American University		250	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major		Required			American University provides its students the freedom to pursue majors and minors within and across the different schools and colleges of the University. In no more than two paragraphs, discuss your academic goals and how American University would help you achieve them.	1
American University		250	Why Us - Why Us; Future - Goals		Choice	1	1	In no more than two paragraphs, please address one of the following prompts: Prompt 1: Picture your journey in the American University community from freshman year to graduation day. Describe the person you hope to become on this journey.	2
American University		250	Community - Challenges; Global - Challenges; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	In no more than two paragraphs, please address one of the following prompts: Prompt 2: American University is known for its politically active student body, where students engage in a variety of local, national, and global issues. Discuss an issue of importance to you and how you hope to become further involved with it as a member of the American University community. (250 word limit  -  no minimum)	3
Amherst		300	Belief - General; Belief - World; Belief - Values; Belief - Passion; Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	Option A: Please respond to one of the following quotations in an essay of not more than 300 words. It is not necessary to research, read, or refer to the texts from which these quotations are taken; we are looking for original, personal responses to these short excerpts. Remember that your essay should be personal in nature and not simply an argumentative essay. Prompt 1: Rigorous reasoning is crucial in mathematics, and insight plays an important secondary role these days. In the natural sciences, I would say that the order of these two virtues is reversed. Rigor is, of course, very important. But the most important value is insight - insight into the workings of the world. It may be because there is another guarantor of correctness in the sciences, namely, the empirical evidence from observation and experiments. Kannan Jagannathan, Professor of Physics, Amherst College	4
Amherst		300	Inspiration - Literature; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Unique; Personality - Passion		Choice	1	1	"Option A: Please respond to one of the following quotations in an essay of not more than 300 words. It is not necessary to research, read, or refer to the texts from which these quotations are taken; we are looking for original, personal responses to these short excerpts. Remember that your essay should be personal in nature and not simply an argumentative essay. Prompt 2: ""Literature is the best way to overcome death. My father, as I said, is an actor. He's the happiest man on earth when he's performing, but when the show is over, he's sad and troubled. I wish he could live in the eternal present, because in the theater everything remains in memories and photographs. Literature, on the other hand, allows you to live in the present and to remain in the pantheon of the future. Literature is a way to say, I was here, this is what I thought, this is what I perceived. This is my signature, this is my name."" - Ilan Stavans, Professor of Spanish, Amherst College, From ""The Writer in Exile: an interview with Ilan Stavans"" by Saideh Pakravan for the fall 1993 issue of The Literary Review"	5
Amherst		300	Community - Describe; Community - Contribute; Future - Goals; Personality - Passion; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	"Option A: Please respond to one of the following quotations in an essay of not more than 300 words. It is not necessary to research, read, or refer to the texts from which these quotations are taken; we are looking for original, personal responses to these short excerpts. Remember that your essay should be personal in nature and not simply an argumentative essay. Prompt 3: ""It seems to me incumbent upon this and other schools' graduates to recognize their responsibility to the public interest... unless the graduates of this college... are willing to put back into our society those talents, the broad sympathy, the understanding, the compassion... then obviously the presuppositions upon which our democracy are based are bound to be fallible."" -John F. Kennedy, at the ground breaking for the Amherst College Frost Library, October 26, 1963"	6
Amherst		300	Belief - General; Belief - World; Belief - Values; Belief - Passion; Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	"Option A: Please respond to one of the following quotations in an essay of not more than 300 words. It is not necessary to research, read, or refer to the texts from which these quotations are taken; we are looking for original, personal responses to these short excerpts. Remember that your essay should be personal in nature and not simply an argumentative essay. Prompt 4: ""Stereotyped beliefs have the power to become self-fulfilling prophesies for behavior."" -Elizabeth Aries, Professor of Psychology, Amherst College, from her book Men and Women in Interaction, Reconsidering the Differences"	7
Amherst		300	Challenge - General; Challenge - Failure; Challenge - Risk; Personality - Unique; Experience - Accomplishment		Choice	1	1	"Option A: Please respond to one of the following quotations in an essay of not more than 300 words. It is not necessary to research, read, or refer to the texts from which these quotations are taken; we are looking for original, personal responses to these short excerpts. Remember that your essay should be personal in nature and not simply an argumentative essay. Prompt 5: ""Difficulty need not foreshadow despair or defeat. Rather achievement can be all the more satisfying because of obstacles surmounted."" -Attributed to William Hastie, Amherst Class of 1925, first African-American to serve as a judge for the United States Court of Appeals"	8
Amherst			Additional Information - Other		Choice	1	1	Option B: Please submit a graded paper from your junior or senior year that best represents your writing skills and analytical abilities. We are particularly interested in your ability to construct a tightly reasoned, persuasive argument that calls upon literary, sociological or historical evidence. You should NOT submit a laboratory report, journal entry, creative writing sample or in-class essay.	9
Amherst		75	Experience - Reseach		Optional			If you have engaged in significant research in the natural sciences, mathematics, computer science, social sciences or humanities that was undertaken independently of your high school curriculum, please provide a brief description of the research project:	10
Amherst	350		Experience - Reseach		Optional			Where, when and under whose mentorship did you conduct this research? (Provide mentor's name, title and institutional affiliation.)	11
Amherst	350		Experience - Reseach		Optional			If your research has been submitted to any national competition (e.g., Siemens, Intel) and/or accepted for professional publication, please provide additional details:	12
Arizona State		250		Barrett Honors College	Required			Share a story that is so central to your intellectual identity that your application would be incomplete without it. Be sure to briefly discuss how this would inform, affect, and/or strengthen the honors college community.	13
Babson		500	Why Us - Why Us		Required			One way Babson defines itself is through the notion of creating great economic and social value everywhere. How do you define yourself and what is it about Babson that excites you? You can answer this question using the traditional essay format, OR submit a 1 minute You Tube video (just include the URL in the essay section of the supplement. If you decide to make it a private link, be sure to give us access!).	14
Babson		100	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			Please briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences	15
Barnard		250	Why Us - Why Us		Required			A. What factors influenced your decision to apply to Barnard College and why do you think the College would be a good match for you? Why do you think the College would be a good match for you?	16
Barnard		250	Inspiration - Literature; Inspiration - History		Required			B. Pick one woman in history or fiction to converse with for an hour and explain your choice. What would you talk about?	17
Barnard		250	Challenge - General; Challenge - Failure; Challenge - Risk; Personality - Unique; Experience - Accomplishment		Required			"C. Alumna and writer Anna Quindlen says that she ""majored in unafraid"" at Barnard. Tell us about a time when you majored in unafraid."	18
Bates		175	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			Please briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences in the space below.	19
Bates		300	Community - Diversity; Belief - General; Belief - World; Belief - Passion; Future - Goals; Education - Passion		Required			In addition to the Common Application essay, please select one phrase from the Bates mission statement below and comment on how it inspires you and draws you to Bates (1-2 paragraphs): Since 1855, Bates College has been dedicated to the emancipating potential of the liberal arts. Bates educates the whole person through creative and rigorous scholarship in a collaborative residential community. With ardor and devotion - Amore ac Studio - we engage the transformative power of our differences, cultivating intellectual discovery and informed civic action. Preparing leaders sustained by a love of learning and a commitment to responsible stewardship of the wider world, Bates is a college for coming times.	20
Bentley University		250	Experience - Life Event; Community - Describe; Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	You have just answered a minimum of 100 questions on the Common Application. Now you can tell us something about yourself that wasn't asked and you want to share. (250 word limit)	21
Bentley University		250	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Choice	1	1	Please feel free to elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences. (250 word limit)	22
Bentley University		250	Why Us - Why Us; Future - Goals		Choice	1	1	Describe who you are in 2025 and how Bentley shaped the person you became. (250 word limit)	23
Boston College		400	Community - Challenges; Global - Challenges; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	1. What contemporary issue or trend relating to politics, culture, and society, or foreign policy particularly concerns you and why?	24
Boston College		400	Inspiration - Literature; Inspiration - Art; Inspiration - Music; Inspiration - Movie; Inspiration - Other		Choice	1	1	2. Many human beings throughout history have found inspiration and joy in literature and works of art. Is there a book, play, poem, movie, painting, music selection, or photograph that has been especially meaningful to you?	25
Boston College		400	Future - Goals		Choice	1	1	3. Contemporary higher education reflects a tension between preparing for a meaningful life and preparing for a career. What are you looking for in your undergraduate education? Which emphasis is more important to you at this time and why?	26
Boston College		400	Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	"4. ""Magis,"" a Latin word meaning ""more,"" is often cited in reference to goals of Jesuit education, which seeks to help students become better, do more, and have as much impact on society as possible. How do you hope to achieve the Magis in your life?"	27
Boston University		250	Why Us - Why Us		Required			In no more than 250 words, please tell us why BU is a good fit for you and what specifically has led you to apply for admission.	28
Boston University		600		Boston University Trustee Scholars	Choice	1	1	"Boston University Trustee Scholars are encouraged to develop well-informed and well-reasoned views of important political, social, and artistic issues. We select students who have a sense of how to present persuasive arguments in support of their views. With that in mind, please select one of the questions below and respond with an essay explaining your perspective in 600 words or less. 1. Proponents of cognitive enhancement - the use of ""smart pills,"" deep brain stimulation with electrodes, brain-to-computer interfaces, and the like - describe a future with smarter, more productive, and higher achieving individuals. Critics of the vision voice ethical concerns about such technologies, as well as the social and professional consequences for those who cannot afford or choose not to use them. In your view, should cognitive enhancements be widely available?"	29
Boston University		600	Inspiration - Literature; Inspiration - Art; Inspiration - Music; Inspiration - Movie; Inspiration - Other	Boston University Trustee Scholars	Choice	1	1	"Boston University Trustee Scholars are encouraged to develop well-informed and well-reasoned views of important political, social, and artistic issues. We select students who have a sense of how to present persuasive arguments in support of their views. With that in mind, please select one of the questions below and respond with an essay explaining your perspective in 600 words or less. 2. Pablo Picasso once said, ""We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize truth, at least the truth that is given us to understand."" Do you believe art is a lie? What kinds of truth may art (or if you prefer, fiction, music, or poetry) cause us to realize?"	30
Boston University		600		Boston University Trustee Scholars	Choice	1	1	Boston University Trustee Scholars are encouraged to develop well-informed and well-reasoned views of important political, social, and artistic issues. We select students who have a sense of how to present persuasive arguments in support of their views. With that in mind, please select one of the questions below and respond with an essay explaining your perspective in 600 words or less. 3. The International Criminal Court, established in 2002 to prosecute those guilty of wartime atrocities and crimes against humanity, has successfully tried and sentenced several former African leaders with support of the international community. Despite endorsing the court's rulings, however, some governments believe that allowing their citizens to be tried by an international court would violate their own sovereignty. Do you believe that all people should be subject to prosecution by international judicial bodies like the International Criminal Court, or are there justifiable reasons for certain countries to protect their leaders and military personnel from such jurisdiction?	31
Boston University		750	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Why Us - Why Us; Future - Goals	Accelerated Programs Essay	Required			The Accelerated Programs Admission Committee is interested in learning more about you. Please write an essay of no more than 750 words on why you wish to enter the health professions, including what experiences have led you to this decision and what you hope to gain from your chosen profession. Please make sure your essay is completely distinct from the one you submitted on the Common Application	32
Brown University		150	Major - Major		Required			"Why are you drawn to the area(s) of study you indicated in our Member Section, earlier in this application? If you are ""undecided"" or not sure which Brown concentrations match your interests, consider describing more generally the academic topics or modes of thought that engage you currently. (150 word limit)"	33
Brown University		100	Community - Describe		Required			Tell us where you have lived - and for how long - since you were born; whether you've always lived in the same place, or perhaps in a variety of places. (100 word limit)	34
Brown University		150	Community - Describe; Community - Contribute		Required			We all exist within communities or groups of various sizes, origins, and purposes; pick one and tell us why it is important to you, and how it has shaped you. (150 word limit)	35
Brown University		200	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Why Brown? (200 word limit)	36
Brown University	250		Additional Information - Other		Optional			Some schools offer students the opportunity to take national exams in areas such as math and language. These exams include, but are not limited to, AIME, AMC 10, Le Grand Concours, National Spanish Exam, National Latin Exams. If you have taken any of these exams (or any other subject-based national or international examinations), please inform us of the exams and scores you find most meaningful.	37
Brown University		500	Why Us - Why Us	Brown RISD Dual Degree Program	Required			In choosing to apply for the Brown-RISD A.B./B.F.A. dual degree program, your interests and future plans will be influenced and enhanced by the courses offered by both colleges. We are curious as to why you have chosen to apply for this specific dual degree program; please tell us your reasons for selecting it, and what you envision as its impact on your education and career. (500 word limit)	38
Brown University		500	Major - Major; Future - Goals; Experience - Life Event; Experience - Research	Program in Liberal Medical Education	Required			"The Program in Liberal Medical Education (Both questions are required; please limit your response to each question to 500 words.) 1. Most high school seniors are unsure about eventual career choices. What experiences have led you to consider medicine as your future profession? Please describe specifically why you have chosen to apply to the Program in Liberal Medical Education in pursuit of your career in medicine. Also, be sure to indicate your rationale on how the PLME is a ""good fit"" for your personal, academic, and future professional goals. (Please limit your response to this question to 500 words.)"	39
Brown University		500	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Program in Liberal Medical Education	Required			The Program in Liberal Medical Education (Both questions are required; please limit your response to each question to 500 words.) 2. Since the Program in Liberal Medical Education espouses a broad-based liberal education, please describe your fields of interest in both the sciences and the liberal arts. Be specific about what courses and aspects of the program will be woven into a potential educational plan. (Please limit your response to this question to 500 words.)	40
Brown University		500	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Chemistry, Computer Science, Geology, Mathematic, Physics	Required			Chemistry/Computer Science/Geology/Mathematics/Physics: Because you have expressed an interest in Chemistry, Computer Science, Geology, Mathematics or Physics, we would like to know a bit more about you. Respond to the following questions separately, and please remember to include the number corresponding to each question in your uploaded response! (Limit your total response to 500 words.) 1. Many applicants to college are unsure about eventual majors. What factors led you to your interest? What experiences beyond school work have broadened your interest? (Feel free to elaborate on one of your previous responses.)	41
Brown University		500	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Chemistry, Computer Science, Geology, Mathematic, Physics	Required			Chemistry/Computer Science/Geology/Mathematics/Physics 2. What concept in your anticipated major were you most proud of mastering?	42
Brown University		500	Major - Major	Chemistry, Computer Science, Geology, Mathematic, Physics	Required			Chemistry/Computer Science/Geology/Mathematics/Physics 3. Briefly describe the course(s) you have taken relating to your chosen field.	43
Brown University		500	Major - Major	Engineering	Required			Since there is a common core curriculum within Engineering, students need not select a specific area until their junior year. We are curious to know, however, if any particular program within Engineering presently appeals to you. If so, please discuss that choice.	44
Bucknell		200	Major - Major		Optional			Please explain why you are interested in this major/undecided status:	45
Bucknell	1400		Personality - Unique		Optional			What are the three most important things Bucknell's faculty and students should know about you? (up to 200 words each)	46
Bucknell	3250	500	Education - Passion		Optional			Think about a subject or topic that you love. It can be something you have studied in school or on your own, but something about which you have really enjoyed learning. What first intrigued you about this subject and what have you found to be most fascinating? In what ways have you shared what you have learned with others?	47
California College of the Arts		500	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Why Us - Why Us; Future - Goals; Community - Contribute		Required			A short essay must accompany your application. Your essay should address the major influences on your decision to pursue art, architecture, design, or writing. It should also address how you see yourself contributing to the CCA community, specifically with respect to the college's values, summarized below: CCA understands the important role of artists, designers, architects, and writers in solving social, cultural, environmental, and economic problems. The educational experience we provide supports the following values: * Cultivating intellectual curiosity, risk taking, collaboration, innovation, compassion, and integrity * Fostering social justice and community engagement * Promoting diversity on our campus (Response should be between 250 and 500 words)	48
California College of the Arts		250	Additional Information - Other		Optional			Please list the other colleges/universities to which you are applying using the full name of the institution, separating each college/university with a comma.	49
CalTech		200	Experience - Life Event; Experience - Accomplishment; Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			What three experiences or activities have helped you explore your desire to study and possibly pursue a career in STEM? (200 words max)	50
CalTech			Inspiration - Literature		Required			Please list three books, along with their authors, that have been particularly meaningful to you. For each book, please include a sentence explaining their influence upon you. Please note that your response is not limited to math, science or school-assigned texts.	51
CalTech		200	Challenge - Ethics; Belief - Ethics		Required			Members of the Caltech community live, learn, and work within an Honor System with one simple guideline; 'No member shall take unfair advantage of any other member of the Caltech community.' While seemingly simple, questions of ethics, honesty and integrity are sometimes puzzling. Share a difficult situation that has challenged you. What was your response, and how did you arrive at a solution? (200 word max)	52
CalTech		200	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion		Required			Caltech students have long been known for their quirky sense of humor, whether it be through planning creative pranks, building elaborate party sets, or even the year-long preparation that goes into our annual Ditch Day. Please describe an unusual way in which you have fun. (200 word max)	53
CalTech		200	Community - Contribute; Community - Diversity		Required			In an increasingly global and interdependent society, there is a need for diversity in thought, background, and experience in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. How do you see yourself contributing to the diversity of Caltech's community? (200 word max)	54
CalTech		500	Education - Passion; Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion		Required			Scientific exploration clearly excites you. Beyond our 3:1 student-to-faculty ratio and our intense focus on research opportunities, how do you believe Caltech will best fuel your intellectual curiosity and help you meet your goals? (500 word max)	55
Carnegie Mellon		500	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major		Required			Please submit a one page, single-spaced essay that explains why you have chosen Carnegie Mellon and your particular major(s), department(s) or program(s). This essay should include the reasons why you've chosen the major(s), any goals or relevant work plans and any other information you would like us to know. For freshmen applying to more than one college or program, please mention each college or program to which you are applying. Because our admission committees review applicants by college and program, your essay can impact our final decision. Candidates applying for early decision or transfer may apply to only one college and department	56
Carnegie Mellon		500	Inspiration - Literature		Required			List the books (if any) you've read this year for pleasure. Choose one and in a sentence describe its impact on you.	57
Carnegie Mellon		500	Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Optional			If there was an interruption during your secondary school or collegiate experience or between your secondary school and collegiate experience (gap year(s)) when you were not enrolled and as a result, not making normal academic progress, please explain the reason for the interruption.	58
Carnegie Mellon		500	Additional Information - Other		Optional			While not a requirement, have you been interviewed by an alumni or on campus representative prior to applying for admission? If so, indicate the name of your interviewer and tell us how it impacted your decision to apply.	59
Christopher Newport University		250	Experience - Leader	President's Leadership Program	Required			We believe that leadership comes in many forms. Whether you've held formal positions in clubs and organizations or you see yourself as a quiet leader who leads by example, we want to hear how leadership has played a role in your life. Please describe your most significant engagement and/or leadership experience(s) in high school. (250 words or less) Please describe your most significant engagement and/or leadership experience(s) in high school. (250 words or less)	60
Christopher Newport University		250	Education - Passion	Honors Program	Required			In the Honors Program, we believe that being an engaged citizen starts with a strong academic foundation in the liberal arts. Honors students will have countless opportunities for meaningful engagement in the classroom at CNU. Please describe how academic engagement has played a role in your life in high school. (250 words or less)	61
College of Charleston		750			Optional			Personal Statement. If you have not yet expressed something that deserves consideration from the admissions committee, this is your opportunity to do so. (Maximum 750 words.)	62
College of Charleston		750	Community - Describe; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	Essay Option #1 - Tell us about your hometown; explain how your hometown has shaped you.	63
College of Charleston		750	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion		Choice	1	1	Essay Option #2 - Choose one word to best describe you; share why you have chosen this word.	64
College of Charleston		800	Community - Challenges; Global - Challenges; Community - Contribute	Honors College	Choice	2	1	Honors Option #1 - Though many pressing issues of the day have a global scale, they are most often felt and engaged on a local level. Describe a problem of global proportions that also has local implications. Explain in specific terms how you would work to address this problem on a local level, and why you believe your solution would be effective.	65
College of Charleston		800	Education - Passion	Honors College	Choice	2	1	Honors Option #2 - Imagine taking a college course that was unconstrained by traditional subject areas  -  a class in which you could read anything, go anywhere, and produce something truly remarkable at the end. What would your dream course be called? What readings, assignments, and activities would be required and why? What would your final project be?	66
College of Charleston		800	Education - Passion; Challenge - General; Global - Challenges	Honors College	Choice	2	1	"Honors Option #3 - ""The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.""  -  Albert Einstein. Write about an aspect of the world that has engaged your curiosity and led you to ask questions. Explain the actions you have taken to learn more about the issue and the strategies you have used to address any concerns you have about the issue."	67
Columbia University		150	Experience - Life Event; Experience - Accomplishment; Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			What single activity listed in the activity section of your Common Application are you most proud of and why? (150 words or less)	68
Columbia University		150	Inspiration - Literature		Required			List the titles of the required readings from courses during the school year or summer that you enjoyed most in the past year. (150 words or less)	69
Columbia University		150	Inspiration - Literature		Required			List the titles of the books you read for pleasure that you enjoyed most in the past year. (150 words or less)	70
Columbia University		150	Inspiration - Other		Required			List the titles of the print, electronic publications and websites you read regularly. (150 words or less)	71
Columbia University		150	Inspiration - Art; Inspiration - Music; Inspiration - Movie; Inspiration - Other		Required			List the titles of the films, concerts, shows, exhibits, lectures and other entertainments you enjoyed most in the past year. (150 words or less)	72
Columbia University		300	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Please tell us what you find most appealing about Columbia and why. (300 words or less)	73
Columbia University		300	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Experience - Research	Columbia College	Required			For applicants to Columbia College, please tell us what from your current and past experiences (either academic or personal) attracts you specifically to the field or fields of study that you noted in the Member Questions section. If you are currently undecided, please write about any field or fields in which you may have an interest at this time. (300 words or less)	74
Columbia University		300	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Experience - Research	Columbia Engineering	Required			For applicants to The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science, please tell us what from your current and past experiences (either academic or personal) attracts you specifically to the field or fields of study that you noted in the Member Questions section. (300 words or less)	75
Columbia University			Additional Information - Resume		Optional			Please review our instructions on supplementary materials and note that submission is not required. If you are submitting a professional resume for Architecture, Creative Writing, Drama and Theater Arts or Film Studies, please upload it here.	76
Columbia University			Additional Information - Other		Optional			Please review our instructions on supplementary materials and note that submission is not required. If you are submitting a science research abstract, please upload it here.	77
Common App		650	Experience - Life Event; Community - Describe; Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	Some students have a background or story that is so central to their identity that they believe their application would be incomplete without it. If this sounds like you, then please share your story.	78
Common App		650	Challenge - Failure		Choice	1	1	Recount an incident or time when you experienced failure. How did it affect you, and what lessons did you learn?	79
Common App		650	Belief - General; Challenge - General; Belief - Change		Choice	1	1	Reflect on a time when you challenged a belief or idea. What prompted you to act? Would you make the same decision again?	80
Common App		650	Personality - Place; Personality - Unique; Community - Describe		Choice	1	1	Describe a place or environment where you are perfectly content. What do you do or experience there, and why is it meaningful to you?	81
Common App		650	Experience - Life Event; Experience - Accomplishment; Community - Describe		Choice	1	1	Discuss an accomplishment or event, formal or informal, that marked your transition from childhood to adulthood within your culture, community, or family.	82
Connecticut College		250	Why Us - Why Us		Optional			You're looking for the right fit, and so are we. What, in particular, influences your desire to attend Connecticut College? (250 words maximum)	83
Cornell		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event	College of Agriculture and Life Sciences	Required			College of Agriculture and Life Sciences: How have your interests and related experiences influenced the major you have selected in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences? (Please limit your response to 650 words.)	84
Cornell		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Future - Goals	College of Architecture, Art, and Planning	Required			College of Architecture, Art, and Planning: Why are you excited to pursue your chosen major in AAP? What specifically about AAP and Cornell University will help you fulfill your academic and creative interests and long-term goals? (Please limit your response to 650 words.)	85
Cornell		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Future - Goals	College of Arts and Sciences	Required			College of Arts and Sciences: Describe two or three of your current intellectual interests and why they are exciting to you. Why will Cornell's College of Arts and Sciences be the right environment in which to pursue your interests? (Please limit your response to 650 words.)	86
Cornell		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Future - Goals	College of Engineering	Required			College of Engineering: Tell us about an engineering idea you have, or about your interest in engineering. Describe how your ideas and interests may be realized by - and linked to - specific resources within the College of Engineering. Finally, explain what a Cornell Engineering education will enable you to accomplish. (Please limit your response to 650 words.)	87
Cornell		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Future - Goals	School of Hotel Administration	Required			School of Hotel Administration: Hospitality is the largest industry in the world and includes sectors such as hotel operations, food and beverage management, real estate finance, marketing, and law. Considering the breadth of our industry, please describe what work and non-work experiences, academic interests, and career goals influenced your decision to study hospitality management. How will these contribute to your success at the School of Hotel Administration? (Please limit your response to 650 words.)	88
Cornell		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Future - Goals	College of Human Ecology	Required			College of Human Ecology: What do you value about the College of Human Ecology's perspective, and the majors that interest you, as you consider your academic goals and plans for the future? (Please limit your response to 650 words.)	89
Cornell		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Future - Goals	School of Industrial and Labor Relations	Required			School of Industrial and Labor Relations: Tell us about your intellectual interests, how they sprang from your course, service, work or life experiences, and what makes them exciting to you. Describe how these interests may be realized and linked to the ILR curriculum. (Please limit your response to 650 words.)	90
Dartmouth			Additional Information - Resume		Optional			If you would like to submit a resume, please upload it below. Note: you should not submit copies of awards or certificates earned.	91
Dartmouth		500	Personality - Unique		Choice	2	1	We'd like to know a little more about you. To that end, please choose one of the following questions and write a short response in the space below. Every name tells a story: Tell us about your name--any name: first, middle, last, nickname--and its origin.	92
Dartmouth		500	Education - Passion		Choice	2	1	We'd like to know a little more about you. To that end, please choose one of the following questions and write a short response in the space below. Tell us about an intellectual experience, either directly related to your schoolwork or not, that you found particularly meaningful.	93
Dartmouth		500	Personality - Unique		Choice	2	1	We'd like to know a little more about you. To that end, please choose one of the following questions and write a short response in the space below. When you meet someone for the first time, what do you want them to know about you, but generally don't tell them?	94
Dartmouth		500	Inspiration - Person		Choice	2	1	We'd like to know a little more about you. To that end, please choose one of the following questions and write a short response in the space below. Describe the influence your hero has had on your life.	95
Dartmouth		500			Choice	2	1	We'd like to know a little more about you. To that end, please choose one of the following questions and write a short response in the space below. We believe it is critical that your candidacy reflect the interests, experiences and pursuits that are most important to you. To this end, is there anything else you would like us to know?	96
Drexel			Major - Major	Westphal College of Media Arts & Design	Required			Westphal College of Media Arts & Design applicants: Relate your essay topic to your interest in your intended major	97
Drexel			Major - Major	BA/BS/JD Applicants	Required			BA/BS/JD applicants: Relate your essay topic to your interest in obtaining a juris doctorate degree at Drexel and your motivation for pursuing a career in law. You can include information about your academic and personal backgrounds that is relevant to preparing you for this program.	98
Drexel			Major - Major	Custom-Designed Major Applicants	Required			Custom-Designed major applicants: Qualified candidates will be invited by email to provide additional admission materials.	99
Drexel			Major - Major	BS/MS in Psychology Applicants	Required			BS/MS in Psychology applicants: Qualified candidates will be invited by email to provide additional admission materials	100
Drexel			Major - Major; Experience - Research	BS/PhD Applicants	Required			BS/PhD applicants: Describe any research involvement	101
Duke		150	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major	Pratt School of Engineering	Required			If you are applying to the Pratt School of Engineering as a first year applicant, please discuss why you want to study engineering and why you would like to study at Duke. (Please limit your response to no more than 150 words.)	102
Duke		150	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major	Trinity College of Arts and Sciences	Required			If you are applying to the Trinity College of Arts and Sciences as a first year applicant, please discuss why you consider Duke a good match for you. Is there something particular about Duke that attracts you? (Please limit your response to no more than 150 words.)	103
Duke		250	Community - Describe; Community - Diversity		Required			Duke University seeks a talented, engaged student body that embodies the wide range of human experience; we believe that the diversity of our students makes our community stronger. If you'd like to share a perspective you bring or experiences you've had to help us understand you better-perhaps related to a community you belong to, your sexual orientation or gender identity, or your family or cultural background-we encourage you to do so. Real people are reading your application, and we want to do our best to understand and appreciate the real people applying to Duke. (250 word limit)	104
Duke			Additional Information - Resume		Optional			Duke will learn about your extracurricular involvement through the Activities section of the Common Application. If you wish to include a brief resume you may include it here.	105
Earlham College		500	Why Us - Why Us		Optional			One of your opportunities in completing this application is to assist the Earlham Admissions Committee in getting to know you in ways that may not be easily discernible from your academic record or list of activities. What would you like to share with us about your interests, personality, aspirations, etc. and why you think Earlham is a good fit for you?	106
Ecole hoteliere de Lausanne			Why Us - Why Us; Future - Goals		Choice	1	1	Please select one of the topics below and limit your essay to no more than two pages of typed double-spaced text. a. What do you think is needed to succeed at EHL and in the hospitality industry? Why do you think you have what it takes to be successful	107
Ecole hoteliere de Lausanne			Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major		Choice	1	1	Please select one of the topics below and limit your essay to no more than two pages of typed double-spaced text. b. What attracts you to the hospitality industry, and how can EHL help you achieve your objectives?	108
Ecole hoteliere de Lausanne					Choice	1	1	Please select one of the topics below and limit your essay to no more than two pages of typed double-spaced text. c. How do you set about finding the school that is right for you and will best prepare you for your future career in Hospitality? Define your criteria, investigate possible options, do some comparative research, and write up your findings in a brief analytical essay.	109
Emerson		200	Major - Major		Required			As you know, the academic programs at Emerson College are focused on communication and the arts. Please tell us what influenced you to select your major. If you're undecided about your major, what attracted you to Emerson's programs? Please be brief (100-200 words).	110
Emerson		200	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion		Required			We understand that the college application process often feels stressful, when instead it should be an opportunity for self-reflection. Stop worrying for a minute and have fun with this response. Much of the work that students do at Emerson College is a form of storytelling. If you were to write the story of your life until now, what would you title it and why? Please be brief (100-200 words).	111
Emerson		600	Community - Diversity; Belief - General; Belief - World; Belief - Diversity	Honors Program	Required			"Please respond to the following in approximately 400-600 words: Wallace Bacon, a recipient of an honorary doctorate from Emerson College in 1975, wrote that the liberal arts, or humanities, ""are concerned with the question of what makes life worth living. And that question concerns not simply oneself but others. The humanities must help us learn who we are; they must help us learn the otherness of others."" In this light, describe an encounter with someone or something different - an ""other"" which revealed to you your sense of self and your relationship to humanity. This encounter may involve a person, place, culture, or text (book, speech, film, play, etc.)."	112
Emory		500	Education - Passion		Choice	1	1	Emory University welcomes first-year students with two distinct options to begin their liberal arts education: the research-infused Emory College or the smaller, experiential learning Oxford College. If you could create an academic course that is in the Emory University spirit of collaboration, creativity, entrepreneurship and inquiry, what would it be? What impact would the course have on you and your classmates' educational experience? (500 word limit)	113
Emory		500	Education - Passion		Choice	1	1	What is something you have taught yourself in the last year? How did you teach yourself this new skill or concept and what was the result? (500 word limit)	114
George Mason University			Why Us - Why Us		Optional			If you wish, you may submit a video essay that can be considered along with your freshman application. In 2 minutes or less, please address the question: Why is Mason the right school for you?	115
George Mason University		500	Challenge - General; Personality - Unique		Choice	2	1	1) The Mason IDEA represents our unique institutional characteristics and captures the strength of who we are as a university. Four of Mason's most distinct characteristics comprise the Mason IDEA: innovation, diversity, entrepreneurship, and accessibility, Select one or more of the four components of the Mason IDEA and write about how you exemplify that characteristic.	116
George Mason University		500	Experience - Leader		Choice	2	1	2) Focusing on your leadership experiences and extracurricular activities, describe how you would lend your voice to Mason's Class of 2019.	117
George Mason University			Additional Information - Resume		Optional			If you are applying as a freshman and completed high school more than 5 years ago, please submit a copy of your resume. If you are applying as a freshman and are still enrolled in high school, a résumé is not required, but you may submit one if you wish. If you are applying as a transfer student and have not attended college in the last 5 years, you are encouraged (but not required) to include a copy of your résumé.	118
George Mason University		750	Education - Passion	Honors Program	Required			If you wish to be considered for the Honors College and/or the University Scholars Program (fall applicants only), you will need to submit an additional essay of approximately 750 words. Our experience of the universe, our planet Earth, and the history of humankind continues to present unanswered questions and unsolved mysteries. If you were to choose one of these questions or mysteries to explore during your undergraduate years at Mason, what would it be? Why are you interested in the topic, what research do you wish to conduct during your studies concerning this, and what do you hope to gain from your inquiry. Please type your response and provide this statement on a separate sheet of paper.	119
George Washington University		300	Why Us - Why Us	Honors Program	Required			1. Please answer the following question in approximately 300 words. What is it about GW's honors program that attracts your interest?	120
George Washington University		500	Challenge - General; Challenge - Failure; Challenge - Risk	Honors Program	Choice	1	1	"2. In an essay of approximately 500 words, respond to one of the two essay topics below. a. ""Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."" - Winston Churchill. Tell us about a time you took a risk, failed, and were able to pick up the pieces and learn from the experience."	121
George Washington University		500	Education - Passion	Honors Program	Choice	1	1	b. Please describe an instance when you took ownership of your intellectual growth and molded your education to meet your own goals. What did you learn about yourself through the process	122
George Washington University		500	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Attach an essay of no more than 500 words indicating what most influenced you to apply to The George Washington University (required of all applicants). If you are applying to an accelerated or special program, also explain why you are interested in this program at GW.	123
George Washington University				Journalism and Mass Communication	Required			Journalism and Mass Communication--Write a profile of yourself in news or news feature style, as if you had interviewed yourself.	124
George Washington University			Inspiration - Person	Political Communication	Required			Political Communication--If you could be any one person who has been active in politics, who would you choose to be and why?	125
Georgetown University		150	Personality - Unique		Required			Indicate any special talents or skills that you possess.	126
Georgetown University		150	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School; Experience - Summer		Required			In the space available discuss the significance to you of the school or summer activity in which you have been most involved.	127
Georgetown University		500			Required			As Georgetown is a diverse community, the Admissions Committee would like to know more about you in your own words. Please submit a brief essay, either personal or creative, which you feel best describes you.	128
Georgetown University		500	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Future Goals	Georgetown College	Required			APPLICANTS TO GEORGETOWN COLLEGE: Please relate your interest in studying at Georgetown University to your goals. How do these thoughts relate to your chosen course of study? (If you are applying to major in the FLL or in a Science, please specifically address those interests.)	129
Georgetown University		500	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Future Goals	School of Nursing and Health Studies	Required			APPLICANTS TO THE SCHOOL OF NURSING & HEALTH STUDIES: Describe the factors that have influenced your interest in studying health care. Please specifically address your intended major (Health Care Management & Policy, Human Science, International Health, or Nursing).	130
Georgetown University		500	Global - Challenges	Walsh School of Foreign Service	Required			APPLICANTS TO THE WALSH SCHOOL OF FOREIGN SERVICE: Briefly discuss a current global issue, indicating why you consider it important and what you suggest should be done to deal with it.	131
Georgetown University		500	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event	McDonough School of Business	Required			APPLICANTS TO THE MCDONOUGH SCHOOL OF BUSINESS: Describe the factors that have influenced your interest in studying business.	132
Georgia Tech		150	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Beyond rankings, location, and athletics, why are you interested in attending Georgia Tech?	133
Georgia Tech		150			Required			"Georgia Tech's motto is: ""Progress and Service."" What does that mean to you?"	134
Glion Institute of Higher Education		650	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Why do you want to study at Glion Institute of Higher Education? (motivation, etc.) (1 Page)	136
Glion Institute of Higher Education		650	Why Us - Why Us; Future - Goals		Required			What will you do after leaving Glion Institute of Higher Education? (1 Page)	137
Glion Institute of Higher Education			Additional Information - Resume		Required			CV or Resume	138
Hamilton		250	Why Us - Why Us		Optional			While the primary criteria for admission to Hamilton are academic achievement, intellectual promise and community engagement, Hamilton also seeks to admit candidates who are a good fit with the programs and experiences offered by the College. Please take this opportunity to tell us about your interest in Hamilton and, particularly, why you believe it is a place where you can thrive. Be open. Be honest. Be brief. (250 word maximum)	139
Harvard University		150	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			Briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences.	140
Harvard University		500			Required			You may wish to include an additional essay if you feel that the college application forms do not provide sufficient opportunity to convey important information about yourself or your accomplishments. You may write on a topic of your choice, or you may choose from one of the following topics: - Unusual circumstances in your life – Travel or living experiences in other countries - What you would want your future college roommate to know about you - An intellectual experience (course, project, book, discussion, paper, poetry, or research topic in engineering, mathematics, science or other modes of inquiry) that has meant the most to you - How you hope to use your college education - A list of books you have read during the past twelve months	141
Harvard University		50	Future - Goals	Students Applying Outside from the US or Canada	Required			What specific plan do you have, if any, for using the education you hope to receive?	142
Harvey Mudd		500	Why Us - Why Us		Required			What influenced you to apply to Harvey Mudd? What about the HMC curriculum and community appeals to you? Please limit your response to 500 words.	143
Harvey Mudd		500	Community - Describe; Community - Contribute; Future - Goals		Choice	1	1	"Choice 1: ""Scientific research is a human endeavor. The choices of topics that we research are based on our biases, our beliefs, and what we bring: our cultures and our families. The kinds of problems that people put their talents to solving depends on their values."" - Dr. Clifton Poodry. How has your own background influenced the types of problems you want to solve?"	144
Harvey Mudd		500	Community - Contribute; Global - Challenges		Choice	1	1	Choice 2: In a world where technology continually adapts and progresses, Harvey Mudd College expects that our students will be aware of the impact of their work on society. How would you use new advances to improve your life and/or the lives of those around you? Describe your idea and its potential impact. Feel free to be as creative or as practical as you like.	145
Harvey Mudd		500			Choice	1	1	"Choice 3: What is one thing we won't know about you after reading your application that you haven't already reported in the Common Application ""Additional Information"" section?"	146
Johns Hopkins		500	Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion		Required			Johns Hopkins University was founded in 1876 on a spirit of exploration and discovery. As a result, students can pursue a multi-dimensional undergraduate experience both in and outside of the classroom. Given the opportunities at Hopkins, please discuss your current interests - academic or extracurricular pursuits, personal passions, summer experiences, etc. - and how you will build upon them here. (300-500 Word limit)	147
Knox		300	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Students choose to attend Knox based on many factors, including our academic reputation, distinguished faculty, intimate class sizes, and diverse campus community, as well as the success of our graduates. How did you become interested in Knox and why do you think Knox might be a good match for you? (100-300 words)	148
Knox		250	Additional Information - Relatives		Optional			Provide the names of Knox alumni, professors, students, or staff who are relatives or friends, and indicate their relationship to you.	149
Lafayette		200	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Students identify Lafayette as an excellent fit for countless reasons. In your response, be deliberate and specific about your motivation for applying to Lafayette. Why Lafayette? (20-200 words)	150
Lafayette		200	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Optional			There's a difference between being busy and being engaged. Lafayette comes alive each day with the energy of students who are deeply engaged in their academic, co-curricular and extracurricular explorations. In response to the prompt below, keep it simple  -  choose one activity and add depth to our understanding of your involvement. What do you do? Why do you do it? (20-200 words). The response to this question is optional.	151
Lafayette			Additional Information - Resume		Optional			If you wish to include a copy of your resume as part of your application, please upload it here.	152
Lehigh		250	Why Us - Why Us		Required			What distinguishes Lehigh to make it the right fit for you? Please reply with 150-250 words.	153
Lehigh		350	Why Us - Why Us		Choice	1	1	Imagine that you just completed your visit to Lehigh University. What would you Tweet about us and why?	154
Lehigh		350	Experience - Life Event		Choice	1	1	Describe your favorite ''Bazinga'' moment.	155
Lehigh		350	Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	What is your favorite riddle and why?	156
Lehigh		350	Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	If your name were an acronym, what would it stand for and how would it reflect your strengths and personality?	157
Lehigh		350	Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	In your opinion, what are the five characteristics of a successful person?	158
Lehigh		350	Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	You've just reached your one millionth hit on your YouTube video. What is the video about?	159
Les Roches International School of Hotel Management		650	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major		Required			Why do you want to study at Les Roches International School of Hotel Management? (motivation, etc.)	160
Les Roches International School of Hotel Management		650	Future - Goals		Required			What will you do after leaving Les Roches International School of Hotel Management?	161
Les Roches International School of Hotel Management			Additional Information		Required			CV or Resume	162
Linfield		250	Community - Diversity; Belief - General; Belief - World; Belief - Diversity		Required			Describe a situation in which you came into contact with someone whose beliefs were different than your own. What did you learn from this experience and were your beliefs altered in any way? (Maximum of 250 words)	163
Linfield		250	Personality - Roommate; Inspiration - Literature; Inspiration - Person		Required			What fictional character would you choose as your college roommate and why? (Maximum of 250 words)	164
Linfield		650	Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Required			Please address any academic concerns that our admission committee may have regarding your application for admission. These concerns could include (but are not limited to): a cumulative unweighted GPA below a 3.0; any SAT subscores (Critical Reading or Math) below 450 or, ACT subscores below 20; D's or, F's on your transcript. (Maximum of 650 words)	165
Loyola Marymount		500			Required			Please briefly state your reason for wishing to attend LMU and/or how you came to select your major.	166
Loyola Marymount		1000			Choice	1	1	"Please read the three statements, which all relate to the mission and the values of Loyola Marymount University. Choose the one you find most interesting and thought provoking; then, answer the question which accompanies the statement you select. This essay, usually 500 - 1,000 words, is your chance to display your critical and creative thinking. Statement 1: In his 2010 address to representatives of Jesuit universities worldwide, Fr. Adolfo Nicolas, SJ, Superior General of the Jesuits, discussed imagination. He believes that exercising an imagination which grasps reality and involves ""a refusal to let go until we get beneath the surface"" is a crucial element of Jesuit education. In the same speech, he worried that today's instant and global communication technologies discourage such deep reflection and engagement with the real and instead foster a ""globalization of superficiality. Question 1: To Fr. Nicolas, imagination requires going to the depths of reality and recreating (re-imagining) it. Do social media and instant communication pose obstacles to such reflection and serious thinking? How can college students practice serious reflection in our always connected and instantaneous world?"	167
Loyola Marymount		1000			Choice	1	1	"Please read the three statements, which all relate to the mission and the values of Loyola Marymount University. Choose the one you find most interesting and thought provoking; then, answer the question which accompanies the statement you select. This essay, usually 500 - 1,000 words, is your chance to display your critical and creative thinking. Statement 2: Speaking about education, Dr. Martin Luther King once said, """"The function ofeducation is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.'' Question 2: Critical thinking is a central goal of Jesuit education, and at LMU you'll be asked to think critically and intensively in every class. Dr. King suggests that critical thinking results in our ability to inform intelligence with character, and strengthen character with intelligence. Please talk about a situation that demanded critical thinking from you, and how your choices or decisions integrated intelligence and character."	168
Loyola Marymount		1000			Choice	1	1	"Please read the three statements, which all relate to the mission and the values of Loyola Marymount University. Choose the one you find most interesting and thought provoking; then, answer the question which accompanies the statement you select. This essay, usually 500 - 1,000 words, is your chance to display your critical and creative thinking. Statement 3: A motto often associated with Jesuit and Marymount schools is """"Educating men and women for others.'' Fr. Pedro Arrupe, the former head of the Jesuits, once said that """"our prime educational objective must be to form men and women for others, who believe that a love of self or of God which does not issue forth in justice for the least of their neighbors is a farce.'' Question 3: What do you think Fr. Arrupe meant when he said this? Please give an example of someone you know, other than your teachers and parents, who works for justice for the least of their neighbors."	169
Macalester		1000	Community - Describe; Community - Contribute; Why Us - Why Us		Required			Macalester is a community that includes people from many different backgrounds, some who have lived around the world and others who have lived in one place their entire lives. Please write an essay about how your background, experiences or outlook might add to the Mac community, academically and personally. (250-1000 words)	170
Macalester		1000	Community - Diversity; Belief - General; Belief - World; Belief - Diversity	International Students	Required			Additional Essay for International Students (Required): Describe a situation where you had to work or closely associate with someone from a background very different from your own. What challenges did you face and how did you resolve them? (250-1000 words)	171
Macalester		200	Why Us - Why Us		Optional			OPTIONAL: How did you first learn about Macalester?	172
Macalester	250		Why Us - Why Us		Optional			OPTIONAL: Have you visited the Macalester campus? If yes, please describe and give approximate date(s).	173
Macalester	500		Additional Information - Other		Optional			OPTIONAL: To what other colleges are you applying? (Please note that your response is for research purposes only and will not affect the decision on your application for admission.)	174
Macalester		500	Community - Describe		Optional			OPTIONAL: Application forms like this often require people to uncomfortably categorize their race, ethnicity, gender, or other identities by checking boxes. Is there anything about your (or your family's) background that you would like us to know that is not addressed elsewhere in your application? If so, please elaborate.	175
Macalester		500	Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Optional			OPTIONAL: Has there been a significant fluctuation in your grades at any point during grades 9-12 (up or down)? If so, please tell us the reason(s) for the changes.	176
Macalester			Additional Information		Optional			OPTIONAL: If there is an additional document you would like to submit as part of your application (e.g., a resume, activity list, or writing sample), you may upload it here.	177
Michigan State	400				Required			Michigan State University recognizes that an assortment of interests, viewpoints, and life experiences are important in student learning and enhance the university community. Describe an experience, passion, or characteristic that illustrates what you would contribute to the MSU community and how this will add to the overall richness of campus life.	179
Michigan State	400				Required			Describe a significant experience from the past two years which required you to interact with someone outside of your own social or cultural group (ethnic, religious, geographic, socioeconomic, etc.). How did this impact you? What did you learn and what surprised you?	180
Michigan Tech		300	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Visual and performing arts programs	Required			Discuss an experience that sparked your interest in this field.	181
Michigan Tech		300	Future - Goals	Visual and performing arts programs	Required			What do you hope to do after college?	182
MIT		100	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion; Community - Describe		Required			We know you lead a busy life, full of activities, many of which are required of you. Tell us about something you do for the pleasure of it.	184
MIT		100	Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion		Required			Although you may not yet know what you want to major in, which department or program at MIT appeals to you and why?	185
MIT		250	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion		Required			What attribute of your personality are you most proud of, and how has it impacted your life so far? This could be your creativity, effective leadership, sense of humor, integrity, or anything else you'd like to tell us about.	186
MIT		250	Community - Describe		Required			Describe the world you come from; for example, your family, clubs, school, community, city, or town. How has that world shaped your dreams and aspirations?	187
MIT		250	Challenge - General; Challenge - Failure; Challenge - Risk		Required			Tell us about the most significant challenge you've faced or something important that didn't go according to plan. How did you manage the situation?	188
MIT		500			Optional			(Optional) No admission application can meet the needs of every individual. If you think additional information or material will give us a more thorough impression of you, please respond below.	189
Mount Holyoke College		25	Major - Major; Education - Passion		Required			At Mount Holyoke, what will be your Academic interests (2 lines)	190
Mount Holyoke College		50	Why Us - Why Us		Required			What influenced your decision to apply? (4 lines)	191
Mount Holyoke College		250	Why Us - Why Us; Community - Contribute; Community - Diversity		Choice	1	1	Please respond to one of the following three questions in one or two paragraphs: What is the first thing you noticed about our College? What kept you interested, and what would you like to contribute to our community?	192
Mount Holyoke College		250	Experience - Life Event		Choice	1	1	Please respond to one of the following three questions in one or two paragraphs: What do you miss most from your childhood?	193
Mount Holyoke College		250	Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	Please respond to one of the following three questions in one or two paragraphs: If you didn't know how old you were, how old would you be? (2 paragraphs)	194
New York University		400	Why Us - Why Us		Required			NYU is global, urban, inspired, smart, connected, and bold. What can NYU offer you, and what can you offer NYU? (200-400 words)	195
New York University		75	Why Us - Why Us		Optional			OPTIONAL: Respond here if you want to briefly (75 words maximum) elaborate further on your choice of campus(es).	196
NC State		750	Major - Major	College of Design	Required			The College of Design will provide you with an essay question for your chosen prospective major within the online application that will give us insight into what you currently know and think about design and its impact on the world around you. Please be mindful that you should answer the essay question from the viewpoint of your chosen prospective major: Architecture, Art + Design, Graphic Design, or Industrial Design. Your response should not be less than 500 words or exceed approximately 750 words in length (total limit of 4,000 characters). The College of Design will provide you with an essay question for your chosen prospective major within the online application that will give us insight into what you currently know and think about design and its impact on the world around you. Please  be mindful that you should answer the essay question from the viewpoint of your chosen prospective major: Architecture, Art + Design, Graphic Design, or Industrial Design. Your response should not be less than 500 words or exceed approximately 750 words in length (total limit of 4,000 characters). The College of Design will provide you with an essay question for your chosen prospective major within the online application that will give us insight into what you currently know and think about design and its impact on the world around you. Please be mindful that you should answer the essay question from the viewpoint of your chosen prospective major: Architecture,Art + Design, Graphic Design, or Industrial Design. Your response should not be less than 500 words or exceed approximately 750 words in length (total limit of 4,000 characters).	197
Northwestern		300	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Northwestern Statement: What are the unique qualities of Northwestern - and of the specific undergraduate school to which you are applying - that make you want to attend the University? In what ways do you hope to take advantage of the qualities you have identified? (300 word maximum)	201
Occidental		250	Why Us - Why Us		Required			There are thousands of colleges and universities. Why are you applying to Occidental? In your opinion, what distinguishes it from your other choices? (Suggested length is 150 - 250 words)	202
Occidental		250	Why Us - Why Us		Optional			If you've had the opportunity to visit the campus, please indicate when and in what capacity, and briefly describe your experience. (Suggested length is 150 - 250 words)	203
Occidental		250	Education - Passion; Major - Major		Required			While we realize you interests may change in college, what are your current academic and intellectual curiosities? (Suggested length is 150 - 250 words)	204
Occidental		250	Inspiration - Literature		Required			Choose a book you have read - at any point in your life - that most affected you and clarify its effect. (Suggested length is 150 - 250 words)	205
Occidental		250	Personality - Unique		Required			Identify and describe a personal idiosyncrasy that helps define you. (Suggested length is 150 - 250 words)	206
Pace University		300		Carl and Lily Pforzheimer Foundation Endowed Scholarship Fund	Required			To be considered for the Carl and Lily Pforzheimer Foundation Endowed Scholarship Fund you must include an additional essay or list of activities on community service in addition to your Common Application personal statement.	209
Penn State		500	Additional Information - Resume		Required			Please use this space to discuss your activities other than academic work during the last several years (for example: school organizations, jobs, athletics, the arts, community service, religious groups, or other individual interests). If you already have a resume or activities list prepared, you can paste it into the web application.	210
Penn State		500			Required			Please tell us something about yourself, your experiences, or activities that you believe would reflect positively on your ability to succeed at Penn State. This is your opportunity to tell us something about yourself that is not already reflected in your application or academic records	211
Penn State		500	Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Required			If applicable, please explain any time that has elapsed between high school graduation and college enrollment. Please provide a summary of why that gap occurred and whether you took courses at another institution during that time.	212
Pepperdine		300	Education - Passion		Required			Consider the following scenario: You've been given the unique opportunity to create a brand new course to be offered at Pepperdine University. You have complete autonomy over the course topic, as well as how and where the course curriculum will be presented. What course would you create and how will it contribute to the academic and co-curricular experience at the University? (50-300 words)	213
Pepperdine		300	Belief - General; Belief - World; Belief - Values		Required			As a Christian university, Pepperdine expresses its Christian principles through all aspects of academic life and administrative policy. The university affirms that truth, having nothing to fear from investigation, should be pursued relentlessly in every discipline. Students, faculty, and staff members of all faith traditions are welcome to become part of the Pepperdine University community. Please tell us a little bit about how faith has influenced your life. (50-300 words)	214
Pitzer		650	Community - Challenges; Global - Challenges; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	At Pitzer College, five core values distinguish our approach to education: social responsibility, intercultural understanding, interdisciplinary learning, student engagement, and environmental sustainability. As agents of change, our students utilize these values to create solutions to our world's challenges. Please choose from the following prompts and answer below: Incorporating one or more of our core values, how would you contribute to solving a local or global issue of importance to you?	215
Pitzer		650	Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	At Pitzer College, five core values distinguish our approach to education: social responsibility, intercultural understanding, interdisciplinary learning, student engagement, and environmental sustainability. As agents of change, our students utilize these values to create solutions to our world's challenges. Please choose from the following prompts and answer below: Reflecting on your involvement throughout high school or within the community, how have you engaged with one or more of Pitzer's core values?	216
Pitzer		650	Major - Major; Why Us - Why Us	Doctor of Osteopathy Degree in Partnership with Western University of Health Sciences	Required			Please discuss your interest in osteopathic medicine and what personal characteristics and experiences make you a good match for the program. (650 word limit)	217
Pomona College		650	Education - Passion		Choice	1	1	Prompt 1: Pomona's Critical Inquiry course is required of all first-year students, and is designed to be highly interdisciplinary and engaging. Recent class titles include: 'Molecules of the Mind', 'The Economics of Sin', and 'Punk: Poets, Politics and Provocation'. Imagine you were hired to design and teach a Critical Inquiry course. Describe the title of the class, its contents, and why you chose it.	218
Pomona College		650			Choice	1	1	Prompt 2: What does freedom mean to you?	219
Pomona College		650	Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Optional			If there is a broader context in which we should consider your performance and involvements or if there are any factors that may affect your adjustment to college life, please provide that information below.	220
Pomona College		650	Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Optional			If you would like to provide details of circumstances or qualifications not reflected in the application, please provide that information below.	221
Pratt	1000		Additional Information - Other		Required			To what other colleges have you applied?	222
Pratt	1000		Additional Information - Other		Required			List honors received and your extracurricular experience in the arts, as well as other areas (e.g., awards, employment, positions of leadership or responsibility, involvement in community affairs, etc.	223
Pratt		500	Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event		Required			Describe when and how you became interested in art, design, writing, architecture, or the particular major to which you are applying. Describe how this interest has manifested itself in your daily life. The essay should be 250 - 500 words.	224
Princeton University		150	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			Please briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences that was particularly meaningful to you. (About 150 words)	225
Princeton University		150	Experience - Summer		Required			Please tell us how you have spent the last two summers (or vacations between school years), including any jobs you have held. (About 150 words)	226
Princeton University	300		Inspiration - Literature		Required			Your favorite book and its author:	227
Princeton University	300		Inspiration - Movie		Required			Your favorite movie:	228
Princeton University	300		Inspiration - Other		Required			Your favorite website:	229
Princeton University	300		Personality - Unique		Required			Two adjectives your friends would use to describe you:	230
Princeton University	300		Inspiration - Music		Required			Your favorite recording:	231
Princeton University	300				Required			Your favorite keepsake or memento:	232
Princeton University	300				Required			Your favorite source of inspiration:	233
Princeton University	300				Required			Your favorite word:	234
Princeton University	300		Inspiration - Literature; Inspiration - Movie		Required			Your favorite line from a movie or book and its title:	235
Princeton University		650	Inspiration - Person; Beliefs - Values		Choice	1	1	In addition to the essay you have written for the Common Application, please write an essay of about 500 words (no more than 650 words and no less than 250 words). Using one of the themes below as a starting point, write about a person, event, or experience that helped you define one of your values or in some way changed how you approach the world. Please do not repeat, in full or in part, the essay you wrote for the Common Application. 1. Tell us about a person who has influenced you in a significant way.	236
Princeton University		650	Experience - Life Event; Belief - Values; Belief - Change; Community - Describe; Global - Describe		Choice	1	1	"In addition to the essay you have written for the Common Application, please write an essay of about 500 words (no more than 650 words and no less than 250 words). Using one of the themes below as a starting point, write about a person, event, or experience that helped you define one of your values or in some way changed how you approach the world. Please do not repeat, in full or in part, the essay you wrote for the Common Application. 2. ""One of the great challenges of our time is that the disparities we face today have more complex causes and point less straightforwardly to solutions."" Omar Wasow, Assistant Professor, Politics; Founder, Blackplanet.com This quote is taken from Professor Wasow's January 2014 speech at the Martin Luther King Day celebration at Princeton University."	237
Princeton University		650	Experience - Life Event; Belief - Values; Belief - Change; Community - Describe; Global - Describe		Choice	1	1	"In addition to the essay you have written for the Common Application, please write an essay of about 500 words (no more than 650 words and no less than 250 words). Using one of the themes below as a starting point, write about a person, event, or experience that helped you define one of your values or in some way changed how you approach the world. Please do not repeat, in full or in part, the essay you wrote for the Common Application. 3. ""Princeton in the Nation's Service"" was the title of a speech given by Woodrow Wilson on the 150th anniversary of the University. It became the unofficial Princeton motto and was expanded for the University's 250th anniversary to ""Princeton in the nation's service and in the service of all nations."" Woodrow Wilson, Princeton Class of 1879, served on the faculty and was Princeton's president from 1902 - 1910."	238
Princeton University		650	Experience - Life Event; Belief - Values; Belief - Change; Community - Describe; Global - Describe; Inspiration - Literature		Choice	1	1	"In addition to the essay you have written for the Common Application, please write an essay of about 500 words (no more than 650 words and no less than 250 words). Using one of the themes below as a starting point, write about a person, event, or experience that helped you define one of your values or in some way changed how you approach the world. Please do not repeat, in full or in part, the essay you wrote for the Common Application. 4. ""Culture is what presents us with the kinds of valuable things that can fill a life. And insofar as we can recognize the value in those things and make them part of our lives, our lives are meaningful."" Gideon Rosen, Stuart Professor of Philosophy, chair of the Council of the Humanities and director of the Program in Humanistic Studies, Princeton University."	239
Princeton University		650	Inspiration - Literature; Experience - Life Event		Choice	1	1	In addition to the essay you have written for the Common Application, please write an essay of about 500 words (no more than 650 words and no less than 250 words). Using one of the themes below as a starting point, write about a person, event, or experience that helped you define one of your values or in some way changed how you approach the world. Please do not repeat, in full or in part, the essay you wrote for the Common Application. 5. Using a favorite quotation from an essay or book you have read in the last three years as a starting point, tell us about an event or experience that helped you define one of your values or changed how you approach the world. Please write the quotation, title and author at the beginning of your essay.	240
Princeton University		500	Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion	Bachelor of Science in Engineering	Required			If you are interested in pursuing a B.S.E. (Bachelor of Science in Engineering) degree, please write a 300-500 word essay describing why you are interested in studying engineering, any experiences in or exposure to engineering you have had, and how you think the programs in engineering offered at Princeton suit your particular interests.	241
Princeton University			Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Optional			Please attach a document if you wish to provide details of circumstances or qualifications not reflected in the application.	242
Purdue		100	Why Us - Why Us		Required			How will opportunities at Purdue support your interests, both in and out of the classroom? (Respond in 100 words or fewer.)	243
Reed		500	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Reed is a unique and exciting college experience. Discuss the reasons that you believe Reed would be an appropriate place to continue your education.	244
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute			Additional Information		Optional			If you would like to attach a resume, please do so here:	245
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Law	Required			State your reasons for aspiring to a career in law.	246
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Architecture	Required			State your reasons for choosing architecture as your profession.	247
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Game and Simulation Arts and Science	Required			State your reasons for choosing the field of Games and Simulation Arts and Sciences and make reference to your portfolio, if one has been submitted.	248
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute		650	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Medicine	Required			State your reasons for aspiring to a career in medicine.	249
Rhode Island School of Design			Additional Information - Other		Required			Please list other colleges to which you are applying:	250
Rhode Island School of Design		400	Personality - Unique		Required			How do you hope to have changed at the end of your time as a RISD student?	251
Rhode Island School of Design		400	Global - Challenges; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	Every day we're confronted by circumstances that range from the worrisome to the inspiring. What do you find most compelling in the world right now? How might this impact our future? What influence can you have on this situation?	252
Rhode Island School of Design		400	Education - Passion; Personality - Passion; Belief - Passion		Choice	1	1	Is there something you love, have to do, can't stop thinking about? Write about a personal passion or obsession other than visual art or design.	253
Rhode Island School of Design		400	Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	Do visual creators have a responsibility to contribute to their community? If so, why and how?	254
Rice		150	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			Please briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences. (150 word limit)	255
Rice		150	Major - Major; Education - Passion		Required			With the understanding that the choice of academic school you indicated is not binding, explain why you are applying to that particular school of study. (150 word limit)	256
Rice		50	Additional Information		Optional			If you have applied or expect to apply to other colleges or universities this year, please name them. (50 word limit)	257
Rice		250	Why Us - Why Us		Required			How did you first learn about Rice University and what motivated you to apply? (250 word limit)	258
Rice			Additional Information		Required			"In keeping with Rice's long-standing tradition (known as ""The Box""), please share an image of something that appeals to you.To successfully upload your image, first paste it into a Word document or .pdf file, then upload your document. A .pdf file under 500 KB in size will be accepted. See Help Section for more information"	259
Rice		250	Major - Major; Education - Passion	School of Architecture	Required			The Committee on Admission is interested in getting to know each candidate as well as possible through the application process. The following essay question is designed to demonstrate your writing skills and facilitate our full appreciation of your unique perspective. Please respond to each of the following prompts. 1) What aspirations, experiences, or relationships have motivated you to pursue the study of architecture? (250 word limit)	260
Rice		250	Challenge - General	School of Architecture	Required			The Committee on Admission is interested in getting to know each candidate as well as possible through the application process. The following essay question is designed to demonstrate your writing skills and facilitate our full appreciation of your unique perspective. Please respond to each of the following prompts. 2) Outside of academics, what do you enjoy most or find most challenging? (250 word limit)	261
Rice		500	Why Us - Why Us; Community - Contribute; Community - Diversity	School of Engineering	Required			The quality of Rice's academic life and the Residential College System are heavily influenced by the unique life experiences and cultural traditions each student brings. What personal perspective do you feel that you will contribute to life at Rice? (500 word limit)	262
Rice		500	Why Us - Why Us; Community - Contribute; Community - Diversity	School of Humanities	Required			The quality of Rice's academic life and the Residential College System are heavily influenced by the unique life experiences and cultural traditions each student brings. What personal perspective do you feel that you will contribute to life at Rice? (500 word limit)	263
Rice		500	Why Us - Why Us; Community - Contribute; Community - Diversity	School of Music	Required			The quality of Rice's academic life and the Residential College System are heavily influenced by the unique life experiences and cultural traditions each student brings. What personal perspective do you feel that you will contribute to life at Rice? (500 word limit)	264
Rice		500	Why Us - Why Us; Community - Contribute; Community - Diversity	School of Natural Sciences	Required			The quality of Rice's academic life and the Residential College System are heavily influenced by the unique life experiences and cultural traditions each student brings. What personal perspective do you feel that you will contribute to life at Rice? (500 word limit)	265
Rice		500	Why Us - Why Us; Community - Contribute; Community - Diversity	School of Social Sciences	Required			The quality of Rice's academic life and the Residential College System are heavily influenced by the unique life experiences and cultural traditions each student brings. What personal perspective do you feel that you will contribute to life at Rice? (500 word limit)	266
Rutgers	3800		Why Us - Why Us; Experience - Life Event		Required			Rutgers requires that you provide a short essay that is your original work. Please reflect on what you consider to be an important personal experience related to your talents, interests, or commitments. Using this experience, please tell us what you learned about yourself. How will this experience prepare you for success at Rutgers?	268
Santa Clara U		150	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Briefly describe how you learned about Santa Clara University. (150 words maximum)	270
Santa Clara U		300	Why Us - Why Us		Required			If you visited campus, describe what aspect of your visit experience most influenced your impression of SCU. (150-300 words)	271
Santa Clara U		300	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Santa Clara University's strategic vision promises to educate citizens and leaders of competence, conscience, and compassion and cultivate knowledge and faith to build a more humane, just, and sustainable world. What aspect of SCU's strategic vision appeals to you? Why? (between 150 - 300 words)	272
Santa Clara U			Additional Information		Optional			If you would like to submit your resume, please attach it here.	273
SCAD		500			Required			Statement of purpose. The statement should be no more than 500 words in length and should give an overview of the applicant's academic and personal experience, describing preparation for and commitment to further study at SCAD, as well as educational and professional goals and aspirations.	274
Skidmore		500	Major - Major; Education - Passion	Scholarship in Math and Science	Required			If you would like to be considered for a scholarship in science and mathematics, please write a brief essay on the following topic: Discuss your interests in science and/or mathematics, the experience(s) that sparked those interests, and what you have done to pursue them.	275
Skidmore			Additional Information	Filene Music Scholarship	Required			Would you like to be considered for a Filene Music Scholarship? You must submit an audition CD by January 15, 2013. For information on the Filene Music Scholarship:	276
Smith		200			Required			We know that colleges ask a lot of hard questions on their applications. This one is not so hard. Just write from the heart! What is the best gift you have ever given and why was it meaningful? (200 word limit)	277
Smith			Additional Information		Optional			Applicants may upload a resume.	278
St. Olaf College		100	Why Us - Why Us		Required			How are you and St. Olaf a good fit for each other? (100 words)	279
St. Olaf College		10			Required			Everyone knows that I	280
St. Olaf College		10			Required			No one knows that I	281
St. Olaf College		10			Required			St. Olaf should know that I	282
St. Olaf College		500			Optional			(Optional) During Interim, St. Olaf students pursue a single course, often of an interdisciplinary nature. If you could design your own Interim course today, what would it be? (250-500 words) If you are not familiar with St. Olaf's Interim program, visit http://wp.stolaf.edu/about/distinctive-features/interim/ for an overview.	283
St. Olaf College			Additional Information		Optional			Submission of a photo has no bearing on the review of your application for admission. It does, however, remind us of the person behind the application and we welcome you to enclose one with this supplement. Please note, if you wish to upload a picture, you must insert your picture into a Word document or into a PDF document. Also, the size of the uploaded document cannot exceed 500kb.	284
Stanford		250	Experience - Life Event; Challenge - General; School - Passion; Belief - World	Previously Applied to Stanford	Required			Reflect on your experiences and personal development since your last application. (250 word limit.)	285
Stanford		150	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			Briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences. (150 word limit)	286
Stanford		50	Inspiration - Literature; Inspiration - Art; Inspiration - Music; Inspiration - Movie		Required			Name your favorite books, authors, films, and/or artists.	287
Stanford		50	Inspiration - Other		Required			What newspapers, magazines, and/or websites do you enjoy?	288
Stanford		50	Global - Challenges		Required			What is the most significant challenge that society faces today?	289
Stanford		50	Experience - Summer		Required			How did you spend your last two summers?	290
Stanford		50	Experience - Life Event; Inspiration - Music; Inspiration - Movie		Required			What were your favorite events (e.g., performances, exhibits, sporting events, etc.) this past year?	291
Stanford		50	Inspiration - History		Required			What historical moment or event do you wish you could have witnessed?	292
Stanford		5	Personality - Unique		Required			What five words best describe you?	293
Stanford		250	Experience - Life Event; Challenge - General; School - Passion; Belief - World		Required			Stanford students possess an intellectual vitality. Reflect on an idea or experience that has been important to your intellectual development.	294
Stanford		250	Personality - Roomate		Required			Virtually all of Stanford's undergraduates live on campus. Write a note to your future roommate that reveals something about you or that will help your roommate - and us - know you better.	295
Stanford		250	Belief - General; Belief - World; Belief - Values; Belief - Passion		Required			What matters to you, and why?	296
Swarthmore		250	Why Us - Why Us		Required			In 150 to 250 words, please write about why you are interested in applying to and attending Swarthmore. (250 word limit)	297
Syracuse		650	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Who or what influenced you to apply to Syracuse University?	298
Syracuse		650	Why Us - Why Us; Future - Goals		Required			Who is the person you dream of becoming and how do you believe Syracuse University can help you achieve this?	299
Tufts		100	Why Us - Why Us		Required			"Which aspects of Tufts' curriculum or undergraduate experience prompt your application? In short: ""Why Tufts?"""	300
Tufts		250	Community - Describe; Belief - World		Required			"There is a Quaker saying: ""Let your life speak."" Describe the environment in which you were raised - your family, home, neighborhood or community - and how it influenced the person you are today."	301
Tufts		250	Inspiration - Person		Choice	1	1	A. From Michelangelo to Mother Teresa, from Jackie Robinson to Elizabeth Bennett, the human narrative is populated by a cast of fascinating characters, real and imagined. Share your favorite and explain why that person or character inspires you.	302
Tufts		250	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion; Personality - Place		Choice	1	1	B. What makes you happy?	303
Tufts		250	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion; Belief - World; Belief - Values; Belief - Passion		Choice	1	1	"C. Sports, science and society are filled with rules, theories and laws like the Ninth Commandment, PV=nRT, Occam's Razor, and The Law of Diminishing Returns. Three strikes and you're out. In English, ""I"" comes before ""E"" except after ""C."" Warm air rises. Pick one and explain its significance to you."	304
Tufts		250	Education - Passion; Belief - Passion; Belief - Values; Personality - Passion; Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity		Choice	1	1	D. Celebrate your nerdy side.	305
Tufts		250	Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	"E. Nelson Mandela believed that ""What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead."" Describe a way in which you have made or hope to make a difference."	306
Tufts		250	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion		Choice	1	1	F. Whether you are goal tending or cheering from the stands, celebrate the role of sports in your life.	307
U Central Florida		250	Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Choice	1	2	"Complete TWO of Four: A) If there has been some obstacle or ""bump in the road"" in your academic or personal life, please explain the circumstances."	308
U Central Florida		250	Community - Describe; Community - Diversity		Choice	1	2	Complete TWO of Four: B) How has your family history, culture, or environment influenced who you are?	309
U Central Florida		250	Why Us - Why Us		Choice	1	2	Complete TWO of Four: C) Why did you choose to apply to UCF?	310
U Central Florida		250	Personality - Unique; Why Us - Why Us; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	2	Complete TWO of Four: D) What qualities or unique characteristics do you possess that would allow you to contribute to the UCF community?	311
U Chicago		650			Choice	1	1	What's so odd about odd numbers? - Inspired by Mario Rosasco, Class of 2009	312
U Chicago		650			Choice	1	1	"In French, there is no difference between ""conscience"" and ""consciousness."" In Japanese, there is a word that specifically refers to the splittable wooden chopsticks you get at restaurants. The German word ""fremdschämen"" encapsulates the feeling you get when you're embarrassed on behalf of someone else. All of these require explanation in order to properly communicate their meaning, and are, to varying degrees, untranslatable. Choose a word, tell us what it means, and then explain why it cannot (or should not) be translated from its original language. - Inspired by Emily Driscoll, an incoming student in the Class of 2018"	313
U Chicago		650			Choice	1	1	Little pigs, french hens, a family of bears. Blind mice, musketeers, the Fates. Parts of an atom, laws of thought, a guideline for composition. Omne trium perfectum? Create your own group of threes, and describe why and how they fit together. - Inspired by Zilin Cui, an incoming student in the Class of 2018	314
U Chicago		650			Choice	1	1	Were pH an expression of personality, what would be your pH and why? (Feel free to respond acidly! Do not be neutral, for that is base!) - Inspired by Joshua Harris, Class of 2016	315
U Chicago		650	Community - Describe; Belief - World		Choice	1	1	"A neon installation by the artist Jeppe Hein in UChicago's Charles M. Harper Center asks this question for us: ""Why are you here and not somewhere else?"" (There are many potential values of ""here"", but we already know you're ""here"" to apply to the University of Chicago; pick any ""here"" besides that one). - Inspired by Erin Hart, Class of 2016"	316
U Chicago		650			Choice	1	1	In the spirit of adventurous inquiry, pose a question of your own. If your prompt is original and thoughtful, then you should have little trouble writing a great essay. Draw on your best qualities as a writer, thinker, visionary, social critic, sage, citizen of the world, or future citizen of the University of Chicago; take a little risk, and have fun.	317
U Chicago		650	Why Us - Why Us		Required			How does the University of Chicago, as you know it now, satisfy your desire for a particular kind of learning, community, and future? Please address with some specificity your own wishes and how they relate to UChicago.	318
U Chicago		650	Inspiration - Literature; Inspiration - Art; Inspiration - Music; Inspiration - Movie; Inspiration - Other		Optional			(Optional) Share with us a few of your favorite books, poems, authors, films, plays, pieces of music, musicians, performers, paintings, artists, blogs, magazines, or newspapers. Feel free to touch on one, some, or all of the categories listed, or add a category of your own	319
U Illinois Urbana-Champaign		300	Major - Major; Future - Goals		Required			Explain your interest in the major you selected. You may describe a related experience you've had to that area of study and/or your future career goals. If you are applying to the Division of General Studies, explain your academic interests and strengths or your future career goals. You may include any majors or areas of study you are currently considering. Please limit your response to approximately 300 words.	321
U Illinois Urbana-Champaign		300	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School; Experience - Life Event		Required			Tell us about one interest or experience of yours that allows us to get to know you better as an individual. Please limit your response to approximately 300 words.	322
U Maryland		300	Challenge - General; Challenge - Risk; Personality - Passion		Choice	1	2	PICK TWO: A) The University of Maryland is propelled by fearless ideas. Our fearlessness generates creativity, innovation, and an entrepreneurial spirit with which few can compete. What ignites your spark and makes you fearless?	324
U Maryland		300	Experience - Life Event; Challenge - General; School - Passion; Belief - World		Choice	1	2	"PICK TWO: B) All first-year students at the University of Maryland read one book together as part of our First Year Book program. This year's book is The Signal and the Noise by Nate Silver. Silver asks us to consider why most predictions  -  even by experts  -  are so woefully wrong. He writes: ""We can never achieve perfect objectivity, rationality, or accuracy in our beliefs. Instead, we can strive to be less subjective, less irrational, and less wrong."" Tell us about a time when your expectations and outcomes differed. How did the lesson learned inform your future decision making?"	325
U Maryland		300	Community - Describe; Community - Diversity		Choice	1	2	"PICK TWO: C) ""The whole is greater than the sum of its parts."" - Aristotle Diversity is one of our core values at the University of Maryland. In order to provide a stellar education and foster outstanding research, we embrace the intellectual, social and cultural differences that are integral to the fabric of our community. The strength of the university is realized through the contributions of every member of our campus. Describe the parts that add up to the sum of you."	326
U Maryland		300	Education - Passion; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	2	PICK TWO: D) The I-Series is the signature program of General Education at the University of Maryland. I-Series courses are lively and contemporary courses that engage students on present-day topics about big issues in society. They challenge students to wrestle with big questions and examine the ways different disciplines address them. If given the chance to create your own I-Series course, what would the course be titled, what material would you cover, and most importantly why you would choose it?	327
U Maryland		300			Choice	1	2	PICK TWO: E) Write your own question and respond to it. Please be sure to tell us why you think this essay represents you well.	328
U Maryland	100		Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Required			In addition to answering two of the questions above, please include any additional information you would like to provide if extenuating circumstances have affected your performance or extracurricular activities. This information is only necessary if these circumstances have not been discussed in any other part of your application. Maximum 100 words.	329
U Maryland	160				Required			In addition to my major, my academic interests include	330
U Maryland	160				Required			I felt like a mentor when	331
U Maryland	160				Required			My favorite thing about last Tuesday was	332
U Maryland	160				Required			My career goals are	333
U Maryland	160				Required			My favorite place I have visited is	334
U Maryland	160				Required			When I hear about the environment I think	335
U Maryland	160				Required			One time I led a	336
U Maryland	160				Required			The most interesting fact I ever learned from research was	337
U Maryland	160				Required			The one thing I never expected to gain from doing community service was	338
U Maryland	160				Required			I am unstoppable when	339
U Michigan		100	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			If you could only do one of the activities you have listed in the Activities section of your Common Application, which one would you keep doing? Why? (Required for all applicants. Approximately 100 words)	341
U Michigan		250	Community - Describe; Community - Diversity		Required			Everyone belongs to many different communities and/or groups defined by (among other things) shared geography, religion, ethnicity, income, cuisine, interest, race, ideology, or intellectual heritage. Choose one of the communities to which you belong, and describe that community and your place within it.	342
U Michigan		500	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Describe the unique qualities that attract you to the specific undergraduate College or School (including preferred admission and dual degree programs) to which you are applying at the University of Michigan. How would that curriculum support your interests?	343
U Ohio		500			Optional			If you would like to submit an optional essay, the kinds of topics that you may wish to address could include describing any academic challenges you have faced, your academic and career objectives, or your involvement in community affairs. Recommended length is 250-500 words.	344
U Oregon		500			Required			The UO is interested in learning more about you. Write an essay that shares information that we cannot find elsewhere on your application. Any topic you choose is welcome. Some ideas you might consider include your future ambitions and goals, a special talent or unusual interest that sets you apart from your peers, or a significant experience that influenced your life.	345
U Penn		650	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event		Required			"""The Admissions Committee would like to learn why you are a good fit for your undergraduate school choice (College of Arts and Sciences, School of Nursing, The Wharton School, or Penn Engineering). Please tell us about specific academic, service, and/or research opportunities at the University of Pennsylvania that resonate with your background, interests, and goals."" 400-650 words"	346
U Penn			Additional Information - Resume		Optional			If you wish to submit a resume, please upload it here (not required).	347
U Penn		700	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion; Education - Passion	The Huntsman Program in International Studies and Business	Required			HUNTSMAN: 1. In light of your personal interests in language, business, and international affairs, please discuss a current global issue and explain how the Huntsman Program would allow you to explore it in greater depth. (500-700 words)	348
U Penn	100		Additional Information - Other	The Huntsman Program in International Studies and Business	Required			HUNTSMAN: 2. Please indicate how many years and how extensively you have studied the language you selected for the Huntsman program.	349
U Penn		650	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Education - Passion; Future - Goals	The Jerome Fisher Program in Management and Technology	Required			M AND T: How will the Jerome Fisher Program in Management and Technology help you pursue your specific interests in both engineering and business? Please address in depth specific engineering fields, areas of business, and their potential integration that you plan on pursuing through this Penn program. (400-650 words)	350
U Penn		250	Experience - Leader	The Jerome Fisher Program in Management and Technology	Required			M AND T: Please describe a time in which you displayed leadership. (250 words maximum)	351
U Penn		650	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Education - Passion; Future - Goals	The Roy and Diana Vagelos Program in Life Sciences and Management	Required			LSM: LSM seeks students who are enthusiastic about combining science with management. What excites you about this combination? What advantages and opportunities does the combination provide, and what does it address? Be as specific and original as possible in addressing these questions. (400-650 words)	352
U Penn		650	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Education - Passion; Future - Goals	Nursing and Healthcare Management	Required			NHCM: Discuss your interest in nursing and health care management. How might Penn's coordinated dual-degree program in nursing and business help you meet your goals? (400-650 words	353
U Penn		650	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Education - Passion; Future - Goals; Experience - Research	The Roy and Diana Vagelos Integrated Program in Energy Research	Required			VIPER: Describe your interests in energy science and technology and your previous experiences (academic, research, and extracurricular activities) that have helped you to appreciate the scientific or engineering challenges related to energy and sustainability. If you have previous experience with research, consider describing your research project at a level appropriate for an educated non-expert, outlining the goals, hypotheses, approach, results, and conclusions. Describe how your experiences have shaped your research and interests, and how the VIPER program will help you achieve your goals. (400-650 words)	354
U Penn		650	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Education - Passion; Future - Goals	The Rajendra and Neera Singh Program in Networked and Social Systems Engineering	Required			NETS: Describe your interests in modern networked information systems and technologies, such as the Internet, and their impact on society, whether in terms of economics, communication, or the creation of beneficial content for society. Feel free to draw on examples from your own experiences as a user, developer, or student of technology. (400-650 words)	355
U Penn		250	Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event; Experience - Research	Seven-Year Bio-Dental Program	Required			BIO-DENT: Please list pre-dental or pre-medical experience. This experience can include but is not limited to observation in a private practice, dental clinic, or hospital setting; dental assisting; dental laboratory work; dental or medical research, etc. Please include time allotted to each activity, dates of attendance, location, and description of your experience. If you do not have any predental or premedical experience, please indicate what you have done that led you to your decision to enter dentistry.	356
U Penn		250	Experience - Life Event; Experience - Accomplishment; Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School	Seven-Year Bio-Dental Program	Required			BIO-DENT: List any activities which demonstrate your ability to work with your hands.	357
U Penn		250	Experience - Leader	Seven-Year Bio-Dental Program	Required			BIO-DENT: What activities have you performed that demonstrate your ability to work cooperatively with people?	358
U Penn		250	Major - Major	Seven-Year Bio-Dental Program	Required			BIO-DENT: Please explain your reasons for selecting a career in dentistry. Please include what interests you the most in dentistry as well as what interests you the least.	359
U Penn		250	Additional Information - Relatives	Seven-Year Bio-Dental Program	Required			BIO-DENT: Do you have relatives who are dentists or are in dental school? If so, indicate the name of each relative, his/her relationship to you, the school attended, and the dates attended.	360
U Rhode Island			Additional Information - Resume		Optional			All applicants may upload a resume of their activities and employment experiences here. Please note that this is optional and not required.	361
U Texas-Austin		500	Future - Goals; Experience - Life Event		Required			Considering your lifetime goals, discuss how your current and future academic and extra-curricular activities might help you achieve your goals.	363
U Texas-Austin		500	Community - Describe; Community - Diversity; Belief - Change		Choice	1	1	Describe a setting in which you have collaborated or interacted with people whose experiences and/or beliefs differ from yours. Address your initial feelings and how those feelings were or were not changed by this experience.	364
U Texas-Austin		500	Challenge - General; Challenge - Risk; Belief - Change		Choice	1	1	Describe a circumstance, obstacle or conflict in your life, and the skills and resources you used to resolve it. Did it change you? If so, how?	365
U Texas-Austin		500	Major - Major	Architecture, art history, design, studio art, or visual art studies/art education.	Required			Submit this essay if you are applying to architecture, art history, design, studio art, or visual art studies/art education. Personal interaction with objects, images and spaces can be so powerful as to change the way one thinks about particular issues or topics. For your intended area of study (architecture, art history, design, studio art, visual art studies/art education), describe an experience where instruction in that area or your personal interaction with an object, image or space effected this type of change in your thinking. What did you do to act upon your new thinking and what have you done to prepare yourself for further study in this area?	366
U Texas-Austin		500	Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Optional			Special Circumstances Essay Topic - There may be personal information that you want considered as part of your admissions application. Write an essay describing that information. You might include exceptional hardships, challenges, or opportunities that have shaped or impacted your abilities or academic credentials, personal responsibilities, exceptional achievements or talents, educational goals, or ways in which you might contribute to an institution committed to creating a diverse learning environment.	367
U Virginia		250	Inspiration - Literature; Inspiration - Art; Inspiration - Music; Inspiration - Movie; Inspiration - Other	College of Arts and Sciences	Required			1. We are looking for passionate students to join our diverse community of scholars, researchers, and artists. Answer this question, which corresponds to the school/program you selected above, in a half page or roughly 250 words. College of Arts and Sciences - What work of art, music, science, mathematics, or literature has surprised, unsettled, or challenged you, and in what way?	370
U Virginia		250	Education - Passion; Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion	School of Engineering and Applied Science	Required			1. We are looking for passionate students to join our diverse community of scholars, researchers, and artists. Answer this question, which corresponds to the school/program you selected above, in a half page or roughly 250 words. School of Engineering and Applied Sciences - UVA engineers are working to solve problems that affect people around the world, from our long-term water purification project in South Africa to continuing to research more efficient applications of solar power. However, most students start small, by using engineering to make a difference in daily life. If you were given funding for a small engineering project that would make your everyday life better, what would you do?	371
U Virginia		250	Personality - Place; Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion	School of Architecture	Required			1. We are looking for passionate students to join our diverse community of scholars, researchers, and artists. Answer this question, which corresponds to the school/program you selected above, in a half page or roughly 250 words. School of Architecture - Describe an instance or place where you have been inspired by architecture or design.	372
U Virginia		250	Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion	School of Nursing	Required			1. We are looking for passionate students to join our diverse community of scholars, researchers, and artists. Answer this question, which corresponds to the school/program you selected above, in a half page or roughly 250 words. School of Nursing - Discuss experiences that led you to choose the School of Nursing	373
U Virginia		250	Major - Major - Why; Major - Major - Passion	Kinesiology Program	Required			1. We are looking for passionate students to join our diverse community of scholars, researchers, and artists. Answer this question, which corresponds to the school/program you selected above, in a half page or roughly 250 words. Kinesiology Program - Discuss experiences that led you to choose the kinesiology major.	374
U Virginia		250			Choice	1	1	What is your favorite word and why?	375
U Virginia		250	Personality - Unique		Choice	1	1	We are a community with quirks, both in language (we'll welcome you to Grounds, not campus) and in traditions. Describe one of your quirks and why it is part of who you are.	376
U Virginia		250	Education - Passion		Choice	1	1	Student self-governance, which encourages student investment and initiative, is a hallmark of the U.Va. culture. In her fourth year at U.Va., Laura Nelson was inspired to create Flash Seminars, one-time classes which facilitate high-energy discussion about thought-provoking topics outside of traditional coursework. If you created a Flash Seminar, what idea would you explore and why?	377
U Virginia		250	Why Us - Why Us; Community - Contribute; Community - Diversity		Choice	1	1	While a student at U.Va., Fulbright Scholar Rowan Sprague conducted groundbreaking research aimed at protecting the complex structure of honeybee hives. We know that colonies include bees acting in a diverse range of roles, all equally important to the success of the hive. What role will you play in the U.Va. hive?	378
U Virginia		250			Choice	1	1	To tweet or not to tweet?	379
U Washington		600	Community - Describe; Community - Diversity		Choice	1	1	Discuss how your family's experience or cultural history enriched you or presented you with opportunities or challenges in pursuing your educational goals.	380
U Washington		600	Experience - Life Event; Experience - Accomplishment; Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Choice	1	1	Tell us a story from your life, describing an experience that either demonstrates your character or helped to shape it.	381
U Washington		300	Community - Describe; Community - Diversity; Community - Contribute		Choice	2	1	The University of Washington seeks to create a community of students richly diverse in cultural backgrounds, experiences, and viewpoints. How would you contribute to this community?	382
U Washington		300			Choice	2	1	Describe an experience of cultural difference or insensitivity you have had or observed. What did you learn from it?	383
U Washington		200			Optional			You are not required to write anything in this section, but feel free to include additional information if something has particular significance to you. For example, you may use this space if: - You are hoping to be placed in a specific major soon - A personal or professional goal is particularly important to you - You have experienced personal hardships in attaining your education - Your activities have been limited because of work or family obligations - You have experienced unusual limitations or opportunities unique to the schools you attended	384
U Wisconsin - Madison		500			Required			Consider something in your life you think goes unnoticed and write about why it's important to you.	385
U Wisconsin - Madison		500	Why Us - Why Us		Required			Tell us why you decided to apply to the University of Wisconsin-Madison. In addition, share with us the academic, extracurricular, or research opportunities you would take advantage of as a student. If applicable, provide details of any circumstance that could have had an impact on your academic performance and/or extracurricular involvement.	386
UC		500	Community - Describe; Community - Diversity; Belief - World; Future - Goals	Freshman Applicant	Required			Describe the world you come from  -  for example, your family, community or school  -  and tell us how your world has shaped your dreams and aspirations.	387
UC		500	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion; Experience - Life Event		Required			Tell us about a personal quality, talent, accomplishment, contribution or experience that is important to you. What about this quality or accomplishment makes you proud and how does it relate to the person you are?	388
UC		500	Major - Major; Future - Goals	Transfer Applicant	Required			What is your intended major? Discuss how your interest in the subject developed and describe any experience you have had in the field  -  such as volunteer work, internships and employment, participation in student organizations and activities  -  and what you have gained from your involvement.	389
UCAS	4000				Required			The personal statement is your opportunity to tell universities and colleges about your suitability for the course(s) that you hope to study. You need to demonstrate your enthusiasm and commitment, and above all, ensure that you stand out from the crowd. The personal statement can be different to application essays or personal statements from other countries, so please read the guidance in this section before completing the statement. For more information, http://www.ucas.com/students/applying/howtoapply/personalstatement/.	390
Union College	150				Choice	1	1	Share something about yourself that does not appear in your application. (Limit: 150 words)	391
Union College	150				Choice	1	1	What question do you think a selective college should ask and how would you answer it? (Limit: 150 words)	392
Union College	150		Major - Major; Education - Passion		Choice	1	1	Given the opportunity to conduct research at Union, what project would you choose to explore? (Limit: 150 words)	393
University of Rochester		250	Why Us - Why Us		Required			"The University of Rochester offers many rare advantages, building from our ""Meliora"" (""ever-better"") motto that has inspired generations of scholars, professionals, and artists. Describe what's leading you to apply, and what kind of ""Meliora"" experiences you want to have here at Rochester and beyond. (250 words max)"	396
University of Rochester		500	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major; Education - Passion; Experience - Life Event	Professional Degree Program	Required			Please respond to the following essay question prompt and limit your response to no more than 500 words. Please explain why you are interested, and will succeed, at the challenging profession(s) you are proposing to enter through one of Rochester's Combined-Admission or Dual Degree Programs. Please describe relevant experiences and insight that have led you to make this decision Please explain why you are interested, and will succeed, at the challenging profession(s) you are proposing to enter through one of Rochester's Combined-Admission or Dual Degree Programs. Please describe relevant experiences and insight that have led you to make this decision	397
University of the Pacific		100	Additional Information - Relatives		Required			Please list any family member(s) who were/are employed at University of the Pacific. Please include full name when they were affiliated with Pacific and relationship.	398
University of the Pacific		100	Additional Information - Relatives		Required			Please list any family members who have attended University of the Pacific (name, relationship, graduation year):	399
University of the Pacific		200	Additional Information - Other		Required			What other colleges/universities are you applying to?	400
USC		250			Required			USC students are known to be involved. Briefly describe a non-academic pursuit (such as service to community or family, a club or sport, or work, etc.,) that best illustrates who you are, and why it is important to you. (250 word limit)	401
USC		250	Major - Major; Education - Passion		Required			Describe your academic interests and how you plan to pursue them at USC. Please feel free to address your first- and second-choice major selections (250 word limit).	402
USC	100		Personality - Unique		Required			Describe yourself in three words.	403
USC	100				Required			Favorite food:	404
USC	100		Inspiration - Person; Inspiration - Literature		Required			Favorite fictional character:	405
USC	100				Required			Greatest invention of all time:	406
USC	100				Required			What do you like to do for fun?	407
USC	100				Required			Role model:	408
USC	100		Inspiration - Literature		Required			Favorite book:	409
USC	100		Inspiration - Movie		Required			Best movie of all time:	410
USC	100		Inspiration - Music		Required			Favorite musical performer/band or composer:	411
USC	100				Required			Dream job:	412
Vanderbilt		350	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			Please briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences.	413
Vassar		350	Experience - Work/Internship; Experience - Beyond School		Required			Please briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences in the space below. Limit 350 words	414
Vassar		350	Why Us - Why Us		Required			How did you learn about Vassar and what aspect of our college do you find appealing? Limit 350 words	415
Vassar			Additional Information - Other		Optional			Your Space is your opportunity to allow the Committee on Admission to learn something about you that you have not addressed in another section of the application. Your Space is entirely optional. If you choose to include a Your Space submission, be sure it is labeled with your name, high school, and date of birth. Due to the volume of submissions, we will be unable to return your work. Please do not send anything that is irreplaceable.	416
Vassar			Additional Information - Other		Optional			You are welcome to submit a photograph of yourself to personalize your application.	417
Vassar			Additional Information - Extenuating Circumstances		Optional			If you wish to provide details of circumstances not reflected in the application, please enter or upload a file here. Similarly, if you wish to upload your resume, include it here.	418
Wellesley		500	Why Us - Why Us		Required			"When choosing a college community, you are choosing a place where you believe that you can live, learn, and flourish. Generations of inspiring women have thrived in the Wellesley community, and we want to know what aspects of this community inspire you to consider Wellesley. We know that there are more than 100 reasons to choose Wellesley, but the ""Wellesley 100"" is a good place to start. Visit the Wellesley 100 (http://www.wellesley.edu/admission/100) and let us know, in two well-developed paragraphs, which two items most attract, inspire, or energize you and why. (p.s. ""Why"" matters to us.)"	421
Wesleyan		250			Choice	1	1	1. Wesleyan students are interesting and interested, known for their intellectual curiosity, conversations and collaborations. Please tell us about an interesting conversation or collaboration in which you've recently taken part.	422
Wesleyan		250			Choice	1	1	2. Wesleyan President Michael Roth believes a liberal arts education is a pragmatic choice in these times. In what way do you see a liberal arts education having practical value?	423
Wesleyan		250	Community - Challenges; Global - Challenges; Community - Contribute		Choice	1	1	3. What recent news story - local or global - has resonated with you personally? Share the story and tell us why it had that impact on you.	424
Wheaton		300	Why Us - Why Us		Optional			Wheaton is dedicated to empowering students to put new ideas into action and explore new horizons. Please tell us about a passion, talent, or interest you have and how you believe Wheaton can help you explore it. (Please respond in 300 words or less).	425
William and Mary		500	Personality - Unique		Optional			Beyond your impressive academic credentials and extra curricular accomplishments, what else makes you unique and colorful? We know nobody fits neatly into 500 words or less, but you can provide us with some suggestion of the type of person you are. Anything goes! Inspire us, impress us, or just make us laugh. Think of this optional opportunity as show and tell by proxy and with an attitude. For additional context, check out the William & Mary Admission Office video message at www.wm.edu/admissionvideo.	426
William and Mary		2000	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major	St Andrews William & Mary Joint Degree Programme	Required			Applicants to the Joint Degree Programme will be required to submit an additional 1500-2000 word essay outlining their interest in the particular academic area to which they apply. See www.wm.edu/standrews for details about the program.	427
Williams		300	Inspiration - Person		Optional			"At Williams we believe that bringing together students and professors in small groups produces extraordinary academic outcomes. Our distinctive Oxford-style tutorial classes - in which two students are guided by a professor in deep exploration of a single topic - are a prime example. Each week the students take turns developing independent work - an essay, a problem set, a piece of art - and critiquing their partner's work. Focused on close reading, writing, and oral defense of ideas, more than 70 tutorials a year are offered across the curriculum, with titles like ""Biomedical Ethics,"" ""Women in National Politics,"" and ""Extraterrestrial Life in the Galaxy: a Sure Thing or a Snowball's Chance?"" Imagine yourself in a tutorial at Williams. Of anyone in the world, whom would you choose to be the other student in the class, and why? (Please limit your response to 300 words."	428
WPI		200	Additional Information - Other		Optional			If you are not submitting test scores but rather opting to submit Flex Path materials, please use the space below to describe your Flex Path Submission.	429
WPI		300	Additional Information - Other		Optional			If you are not submitting test scores but rather opting to submit Flex Path materials, please use the space below to tell the admissions committee why you think this submission is a strong reflection of your potential for success at WPI.	430
WPI		300	Additional Information - Other		Required			How did you become interested in WPI?	431
WPI	500		Additional Information - Other		Optional			To what other colleges are you applying?	432
Yale University	500		Why Us - Why Us		Required			What in particular about Yale has influenced your decision to apply? Please limit your response to the space provided.	433
Yale University	250	40	Education - Passion		Required			2a) What excites you intellectually, really?	434
Yale University	250	40	Challenge - Failure		Required			2b) Think about a disappointment you have experienced. What was your response?	435
Yale University	250	40	Personality - Roomate		Required			2c) Suite-style living - four to six students sharing a set of rooms - may be an integral part of your Yale College experience. What would you contribute to the dynamic of your suite?	436
Yale University	250	40	Personality - Unique; Personality - Creativity; Personality - Passion		Required			2d) What do you wish you were better at being or doing?	437
Yale University		250	Additional Information - Other		Required			4) If any of your education prior to secondary school has taken place outside of the country where you currently reside, please list the dates of attendance, institution, country and language of instruction.	438
Yale University		500			Required			In this second essay, please reflect on something you would like us to know about you that we might not learn from the rest of your application, or on something about which you would like to say more. You may write about anything - from personal experiences or interests to intellectual pursuits. We ask that you limit your essay to fewer than 500 words. Before you begin, we encourage you to go to http://admissions.yale.edu/essay, where you will find helpful advice.	439
Yale University		500	Why Us - Why Us; Major - Major	Engineering	Required			If you selected one of the engineering majors, please write a brief third essay telling us what has led you to an interest in this field of study, what experiences (if any) you have had in engineering, and what it is about Yale's engineering program that appeals to you.	440
